# Deep Learning, Genomics, and Precision Medicine

We have the opportunity to write a headline review for *Journal of the Royal
Society Interface* on a topic overlapping the computer and life sciences in the
area of systems pharmacology. Our aim is to have the paper ready to submit by
*November 1, 2016*.

> A Headline Review is one in a short, targeted series of high-level reviews
within a particular topic of a burgeoning research area. We encourage authors to
write in a style that opens the door to a broad range of readers working at the
physical sciences - life sciences interface. We intend the reviews to address
critical developments in an area of cross-disciplinary research and, when
possible, to place such research in a broader context. This is not a place for
comprehensive literature surveys.
>
> We do encourage you to speculate in an informed way, and to be topical and
provocative about the subject without worrying unduly about space, (the
provisional target length is 8 -12,000 words). Please think of this as an
article which will be a landmark in your area, and will come to be considered as
a classic paper of the literature.

I was recently inspired by [Harold Pimentel's](https://github.com/pimentel)
crowd-sourced [collection of deep learning
papers](https://github.com/pimentel/deep_learning_papers). Instead of having one
individual write this, I thought that this invitation provided a wonderful
opportunity to take advantage of the wisdom of crowds to bring a team together
around this topic.

This repository provides a home for the paper. We'll operate on a pull request
model. Anyone whose contributions meet the ICJME standards of authorship will be
included as an author on the manuscript. I can't guarantee that it will be
accepted, but I look forward to trying this approach out.
